New 2.9 errors (#123)
owncloud/docs-client-desktop: modules/ROOT/pages/faq.adoc

> = Desktop Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
```

Removing "Desktop", as we are already in the desktop book.

Note, the navigation in nav.adoc (`* xref:faq.adoc[FAQ]:) says "FAQ"...

Author: Please keep the `Desktop`. This way it's consistent with the Android & iOS FAQ pages, and it's also in the title (`<title>FAQ :: ownCloud Documentation</title>`), and it's better to identify in search results etc

Hard to identify which is the correct search result:
![Bildschirmfoto 2021-09-29 um 12 07 00](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/214010/135248682-eaac9070-a4d1-4dfc-84ee-562b759ca5e6.png)

Reviewer: This is the wrong approach. For better identification we use antora attributes and assign them keywords and keytexts where search engines use them to display results.
I can provide well working examples.

Author: > For better identification we use antora attributes and assign them keywords and keytexts where search engines use them to display results.
> I can provide well working examples.

I don't get it. Google shows the `<title>` as headline of the search result - nothing else.

Reviewer: no worry 😃
just on the road, will respond when back

:toc: right

== Introduction

Here you can find some of the most frequently asked questions about the ownCloud Desktop client.

== Usage

=== Some Files Are Continuously Uploaded to the Server, Even When They Are Not Modified

It is possible that another program is changing the modification date of the file. If the file has an `.eml` extension, Windows automatically and continually changes the file, unless you remove it. 
`\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\PropertySystem\PropertyHandlers`
from the windows registry. See
http://petersteier.wordpress.com/2011/10/22/windows-indexer-changes-modification-dates-of-eml-files/
for more information.

=== Syncing Stops When Attempting to Sync Deeper Than 100 Sub-Directories

The sync client has been intentionally limited to sync no deeper than 100 sub-directories. The hard limit exists to guard against bugs with cycles like symbolic link loops. When a deeply nested directory is excluded from synchronization it will be listed with other ignored files and directories in the "Not synced" tab of the "Activity" pane.

> == Migration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Changing Setups
```

Migration means something different

Reviewer 2: Changing setups doesn't mean anything

Reviewer 3: Migration is a bit strong for the cases listed after the headline. How about "Major Configuration Changes"?

image:faq/oc-unsupported-version-warning-message.png[image, width=60%,pdfwidth=60%]

==== Because Earlier Versions Are Not Maintained Anymore, Only ownCloud 10.0.0 or Higher Is Supported 

So if you encounter such a message, you should ask your administrator to upgrade ownCloud to a secure version. An important feature of the ownCloud Client is checksumming – each time you download or upload a file, the client and the server both check if the file was corrupted during the sync. This way you can be sure that you don’t lose any files.

There are servers out there which don’t have checksumming implemented on their side, or which are not tested by ownCloud’s QA team. They can’t ensure file integrity, they have potential security issues, and we can’t guarantee that they are compatible with the ownCloud Desktop Client.

==== We Care About Your Data and Want It to Be Safe

That’s why you see this warning message, so you can evaluate your data security. Don’t worry – you can still use the client with an unsupported server, but do so at your own risk.

=== Multiple accounts sharing the folder [[multiple-accounts-sharing-folder]]

> 

Reviewer 2: We discovered multiple journals in the folder.
That indicates that multiple clients/brandings are using the same folder as a sync root.
Under certain conditions it could also mean that the is an old `._sync_#HASH.db`  or `.sync_#HASH.db`  in the folder.
Such a file will have an old change date and usually can be removed.

Reviewer 2: In https://github.com/owncloud/client/issues/9110#issuecomment-933209508 I tried to provide some background.

Author: <img width="1023" alt="CleanShot 2021-11-15 at 13 42 33@2x" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/214010/141784048-2c84eca2-4430-446f-b8f6-905968098eed.png">

image:faq/multiple-accounts-sharing-folder.png[image, width=60%,pdfwidth=60%]

=== Folder is used in a folder sync connection [[folder-used-in-sync-connection]]

> 

Reviewer 2: Similar to the above case.
We discovered one or more `.sync_journal.db` files in the directory.
That mean the folder is either already used by a different client for syncing or we again have an old db in that folder.
This can also happen if a user tries to import an old folder.

Author: <img width="1012" alt="CleanShot 2021-11-15 at 13 43 02@2x" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/214010/141784114-259e5d4e-b800-4a03-99ad-14de7566dc20.png">

image:faq/folder-used-in-sync-connection1.png[image, width=60%,pdfwidth=60%]
image:faq/folder-used-in-sync-connection2.png[image, width=60%,pdfwidth=60%]

=== Parent folder managed by another sync client [[folder-managed-another-sync-client]]

> image:faq/folder-managed-another-sync-client.png[image, width=60%,pdfwidth=60%]

Reviewer 2: Can only happen on Windows.
We discovered that the folder is part of a sub tree that is managed by another client, for example onedrive.

Author: <img width="1043" alt="CleanShot 2021-11-15 at 13 43 34@2x" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/214010/141784177-8a87d833-224c-462e-8c21-26056c791140.png">

=== Folder used by different client [[folder-used-by-different-client]]

> 

Author: <img width="1056" alt="CleanShot 2021-11-15 at 13 44 01@2x" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/214010/141784244-eaee1f32-c293-4743-9ae4-02d0dd60edfd.png">

image:faq/older-used-by-different-client.png[image, width=60%,pdfwidth=60%]

=== Warning About Changes in Synchronized Folders Not Being Tracked Reliably [[changes-not-reliable]]

On Linux, when the synchronized folder contains a high number of subfolders, the operating system may not allow for enough `inotify` watches to monitor the changes in all of them.

In this case the client will not be able to immediately start the synchronization process when a file in one of the unmonitored folders changes. Instead, the client will show the warning and manually scan folders for changes in a regular interval (two hours by default).

This problem can be solved by setting the `fs.inotify.max_user_watches sysctl` to a higher value and can usually be done either temporarily:

[source]
----
echo 524288 > /proc/sys/fs/inotify/max_user_watches.
----

> or permanently by adjusting `/etc/sysctl.conf`.

Reviewer 4: I would turn the either-or around, so that the sentence isn't broken up:

"... be done permanently by adjusting `/etc/sysctl.conf`, or temporarily:"

Reviewer 3: Yes, that's definitely better.

3. Open it with a text editor.
4. Find your old server url and adjust it.
5. Save the file and start the ownCloud client again.

== Error Messages

=== Warning Message for Unsupported Versions

Keeping software up to date is crucial for file integrity and security – if software is outdated, there can be unfixed bugs. That’s why you should always upgrade your software when there is a new version.

> The ownCloud Desktop Client talks to a server, e.g. the ownCloud server, so you don’t only have to upgrade your client when there is a new version for it, also the server has to be kept up-to-date by your sysadmin. Starting with version 2.5.0, the client will show a warning message if you connect to an outdated or unsupported server:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The ownCloud desktop client talks to a server, e.g. the ownCloud server, so you do not only have to upgrade your client when there is a new version for it, also the server has to be kept up-to-date by your sysadmin. Starting with version 2.5.0, the client will show a warning message if you connect to an outdated or unsupported server:
```

image:faq/oc-unsupported-version-warning-message.png[image, width=80%,pdfwidth=60%]

Only ownCloud 10.0.0 or Higher Is Supported::
If you encounter such a message, you should ask your administrator to upgrade ownCloud to a secure version because earlier versions are not maintained anymore. An important feature of the ownCloud Client is checksumming – each time you download or upload a file, the client and the server both check if the file was corrupted during the sync. This way you can be sure that you don’t lose any files.
+

> There are servers out there which don’t have checksumming implemented on their side, or which are not tested by ownCloud’s QA team. They can’t ensure file integrity, they have potential security issues, and we can’t guarantee that they are compatible with the ownCloud Desktop Client.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are servers out there which don’t have checksumming implemented on their side, or which are not tested by ownCloud’s QA team. They can’t ensure file integrity, they have potential security issues, and we can’t guarantee that they are compatible with the ownCloud desktop client.
```

We Care About Your Data and Want It to Be Safe::
That’s why you see this warning message, so you can evaluate your data security. Don’t worry – you can still use the client with an unsupported server, but do so at your own risk.

=== Multiple Accounts Sharing the Folder

image:faq/01_multiple-accounts-sharing-folder.png[image, width=80%,pdfwidth=60%]

> Desktop sync client discovered multiple sync journals (SQLite database files) in the folder. That indicates that multiple clients are using the same folder as a sync root. Under certain conditions it could also mean that the is an old `._sync_#HASH.db` or `.sync_#HASH.db` in the folder.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Desktop sync client discovered multiple sync journals (SQLite database files) in the folder. That indicates that multiple clients are using the same folder as a sync root. Under certain conditions it could also mean that there is an old `._sync_#HASH.db` or `.sync_#HASH.db` in the folder.
```

*Resolve:*

Such a file will have an old change date and usually can be removed.

=== Folder Is Used in a Folder Sync Connection

image:faq/02_folder-used-in-sync-connection1.png[image, width=80%,pdfwidth=60%]
image:faq/03_folder-used-in-sync-connection2.png[image, width=80%,pdfwidth=60%]

> Similar to the above case. Desktop sync client discovered one or more `.sync_journal.db` files in the directory. That mean the folder is either already used by a different client for syncing or we again have an old SQLite database file in that folder. This can also happen if a user tries to import an old folder.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Similar to the above case, the desktop sync client discovered one or more `.sync_journal.db` files in the directory. That means the folder is either already used by a different client for syncing or we again have an old SQLite database file in that folder. This can also happen if a user tries to import an old folder.
```

*Resolve:*

Such a file will have an old change date and usually can be removed.

=== Parent Folder Managed by Another Sync Client

image:faq/04_folder-used-by-different-client.png[image, width=80%,pdfwidth=60%]

> This error can only happen with native Windows VFS. Desktop sync client discovered that the folder is part of a sub tree that is managed by another client, for example testpilotcloud. The difference to the next error is that we can't be sure its a different client or an orphaned sync root.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This error can only happen with native Windows VFS. Desktop sync client discovered that the folder is part of a subtree that is managed by another client, for example testpilotcloud. The difference to the next error is that we can't be sure its a different client or an orphaned sync root.
```

> Both errors are windows only, in the future we will try to prevent the situation leading to this.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Both errors are windows only. In the future we will try to prevent the situation leading to this.
```

*Resolve:*

Pick another sync folder.

=== Folder Used by Different Client

image:faq/05_folder-managed-by-another-sync-client.png[image, width=80%,pdfwidth=60%]

> This error can only happen with native Windows VFS. Desktop sync client discovered that the folder is part of a sub tree that is managed by another client, for example OneDrive.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This error can only happen with native Windows VFS. Desktop sync client discovered that the folder is part of a subtree that is managed by another client, for example OneDrive.
```

*Resolve:*

Pick another sync folder.

=== Warning About Changes in Synchronized Folders Not Being Tracked Reliably

On Linux, when the synchronized folder contains a high number of subfolders, the operating system may not allow for enough `inotify` watches to monitor the changes in all of them.

> In this case the client will not be able to immediately start the synchronization process when a file in one of the unmonitored folders changes. Instead, the client will show the warning and manually scan folders for changes in a regular interval (two hours by default).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this case the client will not be able to immediately start the synchronization process when a file in one of the unmonitored folders changes. Instead, the client will show the warning and manually scan folders for changes at a regular interval (two hours by default).
```

> This problem can be solved by setting the `fs.inotify.max_user_watches sysctl` to a higher value like `524288` and can usually be done by adjusting `/etc/sysctl.conf` or temporarily with:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This problem can be solved by setting the `fs.inotify.max_user_watches sysctl` to a higher value like `524288` permanently in the config file `/etc/sysctl.conf` or temporarily with the following command:
```
